OK so when the page loads we need to start using routes right now when the application loads the first
component that we are showing the main entry point a point of the application is going to be the app
components.
It's right here.
So this is not going to work for us.
Whenever the application loads browser router is going to decide which component should render on the
screen giving the Ural.
We have here.
So I'm going to delete this just like this and make some space.
So just like with this app we need to use the browser router and it's going to be everything just like
in attack mode.
OK.
So to say to pass the application is going to load.
It's going to bring Riak router and we do Jaro.
And inside here inside the router we need to set up the routes.
So again this is just a strike is pretty direct straightforward.
We need to use something that's called route.
Now the route is going to take some attributes first.
Going to be the path the path is going to be the URL.
Pretty much it's going to be the URL that we need to listen.
So for example if you wanted to go to posts is going to be for Shlash because for us is going to be
cavity index the main page like home and then posts here.
OK so if we go to four Shlash posts browse and Rohter is going to notice that this is happening and
it's going to try to find a route that has forced flash posts so that's good.
So the second argument the second attribute that we need to past is which component re-act should render.
So I'm going to say component's proponents tingler.
This one is going to be kind of a with color braces right here.
It's not we the quotes and right here we need to pass the name of the components we want to render.
In this case it's going to be posts and we imported the posts right here.
So I'm just going to copy this and say posts.
Ok so this is fine.
I'm going to repeat the same process with profile.
Can it go right here at the bottom.
I'm going to say profile.
OK.
So we need to render the profile just copy and paste and just say profile and let's get.
So this should be working.
But of course it's not going to work.
It's going to say a router might have only one child element just like render.
We need to return only one element.
Right here we are returning to elements.
So what we do and this is just kind of a workaround.
We enclose everything in a container just like render.
We put everything inside a day for span or whatever and the same idea we apply the same idea right here.
We put everything inside a DEP wrapper.
Now notice that I am at home but nothing is happening.
Nothing happens is because we didn't have a route for that we're going to do that in a couple of minutes.
OK.
So if I go to four slash posts it should be rendering the posts component is going to be shared.
So it should be sane posts.
Ok so let me try it.
I'm going to go to posts.
Ok we get posts let's get let's try the same thing with profile profile.
OK.
We get profiles so it's working.
Let's get right.
So let's set up the way home.
For example I can go again and say route open and close the path is going to be just a false flash because
it's going to be home up for Slash.
There you go.
And the component that should render in home is going to be a component and then app.
All right that's fine.
This is weird whenever you're just rendering this just like this you're saying OK.
Whenever you have a force slash inside the crowd just show the app components and it's showing home.
So that is get is correct.
But then inside profile for example we have the force in action.
So the kind of the browser router and the routes get kind of confused and it's showing you the profile
because profile.
It's true.
It has a force slash and it's kind of weird but it's not happening to post.
But anyways this is not right.
So re-act is going to it's going to reverse is going to give you two choices.
Give us two choices.
One is the exact keyboard.
And then we have the switch we can use the switch in a couple of lessons a couple lectures.
So for now we can get used one method react it's ask and so react router is asking you to use the exact
keyboard right here.
It's just like a setting.
So whenever we want to exactly match for Slash we'd use exact.
And if we have a full profile it's going to show profile but if we are home is just going to show home
because we have the exact right here and if we go to our no again just posts is just going to show posts.
All right that's good.
That's enough for now.
Oh let me show you one more thing right here inside the router just like we are we in inside the render
we can we can show pretty much whatever we want if I want to.
Hetter right here.
I can just create a div that's going to of.
This could be a component for example that it's going to be Hetter is going to be the main header of
the application.
So whenever the application loads it's just going to show that components if you have a bunch of sea
of GSX right here is going to still show it on every route.
If I go to Home posts we get the header.
If I go to profil right here we are still getting the header.
And if I go home we get the letter.
OK.
That's good for now.
Let's go to the next section and talk about linking.